Document interfaces for custom longitudinal models (#318)
Genentech/jmpost: vignettes/extending-jmpost.Rmd

```

## Custom Longitudinal Models

Similar to the survival model the longitudinal models are implemented as S4 classes that inherit
from the `LongitudinalModel` class. The two main components of the `LongitudinalModel` object are
the `stan` and `parameters` slots which specify the underlying Stan code and prior distributions
for the models parameters respectively (please see the "Prior Specification" section below).

Unlike the survival distributions, the longitudinal models are a lot more flexible and have less
constraints on how they are implemented. That is there aren't any specific variables or functions

> that you have to define, the Stan code for the model should be written as you would normally write
> a Stan model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that you have to define, the Stan code for the model does not have particular restrictions.
```

That being said there are a several optional features of `jmpost` that do require some specific
setup if you do want to enable them.

### 1) `loo` integration

If you want to use the `loo` package to calculate the leave-one-out cross-validation
then you need to populate the `Ypred_log_lik` vector. This vector should contain the log-likelihood
contribution for each individual tumour observation. This vector

> is automatically created for you and thus all your code needs to do is populate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is automatically initialized for you and thus all your code needs to do is populate it.
```

Reviewer: Depends on the details of the jmpost implementation I guess

The following is an example from the `LongitudinalRandomSlope` model:
```stan
transformed parameters {
    Ypred_log_lik = vect_normal_log_dens(
        tumour_value,
        expected_tumour_value,
        rep_vector(lm_rs_sigma, n_tumour_obs)
    );
}
```

Where:
- `tumour_value`, `n_tumour_obs` are predefined data objects (see the "Longitudinal Data Objects"
section below)
- `expected_tumour_value` is the expected value of the tumour assessment for each observation
- `lm_rs_sigma` is the standard deviation of the tumour assessment

> - `vect_normal_log_dens` is a vectorised version of the normal log-likelihood function (this is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `vect_normal_log_dens` is a vectorised version of the normal log-likelihood function provided in `jmpost` (this is 
```

opposed to Stan's inbuilt `normal_lpdf` function which sums all of the log-likelihoods together)

### 2) Individual Subject Generated Quantity Integration

In order to calculate the individual subject generated quantities (via 

> `GridFixed()` / `GridGrouped()` / etc) you need to define a function with the signature:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GridFixed()` / `GridGrouped()` / etc) you need to define a Stan function with the signature:
```

```stan
vector lm_predict_individual_patient(vector time, matrix long_gq_parameters)
```

Where:

- `time` is a vector of timepoints for which to calculate the generated quantity
- `long_gq_parameters` is a matrix with one row per subject and one column per parameter

Likewise, the `long_gq_parameters` object also needs to be defined for the model in the generated
quantities block as a matrix with 1 row per subject and 1 column per parameter. This structure is

> to allow for random effects models. If your model doesn't have random effects then the fixed value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow for models with subject specific parameters, in particular random effects models. If your model has the same parameters for all subjects, then the fixed value
```

Unlike the survival distributions, the longitudinal models are a lot more flexible and have less
constraints on how they are implemented. That is there aren't any specific variables or functions
that you need to define.

> That being said there are a several optional features of `jmpost` that do require the use specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That being said there are a several optional features of `jmpost` that do require the use of specific
```
